The mentor that I had that really influenced the way that I think about
right now is probably Professor Wilkinson. He was my first computer
science professor in community college. I had never really programmed
before. Most people had, you know, programmed something when they
were in high school but I'd never even coded anything in my life and
I took two classes with them and just the way that he wrote things
on the board, you know, boxes and squares, all professors do that,
so obviously he was my first one so he did it for me too. But it really
opened my eyes into how computer scientists think. Halfway through
the class, I realized that, you know, when I am sitting behind the
computer, typing so much, which is what I thought computer science
was, I thought it was like ones and zeros, bits and numbers. Most
of the time, he was writing and drawing things up on the board, up on
the white screen and even right now, you know, when I'm when coding,
most of what I do, a lot of what I do is with sheets of paper and
drawing and pictures and stuff. So, he really, like, kind of opened
my eyes to what a computer scientist does. A computer scientist doesn't
type code on the computer screen. That's his tool but what he does
is, he thinks logically about his product and that consists of visual
representations and those are things that are interesting to me
and Professor Wilkinson was the first person that, kind of, showed
it to me.